Add Download links to the beta version (#296)
mixxxdj/website: content/pages/download.md

        - slug: source
          name: 2.3.5 release
          file_url: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/archive/2.3.5.tar.gz
  beta:
    name: 2.4-beta

>     title: Beta Snapshots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: Beta Snapshots (2.4)
```

    text: |

>       A great way to contribute to Mixxx is testing the upcoming version before is has been released.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      A great way to contribute to Mixxx is testing the upcoming version before it is being released.
```

      The Mixxx team relies on a significant number of users switching to the beta version and using it at home.

>       This is the only way to find bugs in time before a release that may have slip through the initial review process or affect rarely used use cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      This is the only way to find bugs in time before a release that may have slipped through the initial review process or affect rare use cases.
```

        - slug: source
          name: 2.3.5 release
          file_url: https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/archive/2.3.5.tar.gz
  beta:
    name: 2.4-beta
    title: Beta Snapshots
    text: |
      A great way to contribute to Mixxx is testing the upcoming version before is has been released. Refer to the [Testing wiki page](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Testing) for where to find the latest builds and instructions how to test pull requests before they are merged.

> 

Reviewer: I think we should emphasize that we prefer the beta snapshot being tested over the development snapshot.

Author: Yes, currently both texts are kind of duplicated. Not sure if it woks if we short the text for the alpha to a minimum. 
Ideas?

Reviewer: How about we imply that testing the beta is usually preferred? something like this:

> If you're bored of thoroughly testing the beta snapshots - or there may not be a beta running currently - you can also test the current development snapshot to get a glimpse at the even newer features. As for the beta snapshots, please refer to the [Testing wiki page](https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Testing) for where to find the latest builds and instructions how to test pull requests before they are merged.
